Added README.md and Keras MNIST Example (#31)
huggingface/community-events: keras-sprint/README.md

# Official Repository for Keras Sprint Event

![](https://huggingface.co/spaces/keras-io/README/resolve/main/keras-hf.png)

Keras Sprint by Hugging Face aims to reproduce [official Keras examples](https://keras.io/examples/) and build demos to them on [Hugging Face Spaces](https://huggingface.co/spaces).

> keras-sprint folder contains the examples to guide you for the sprint. It contains two end-to-end example of a successful submission for the event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can find examples to guide you for the sprint. It contains two end-to-end examples of a successful submission for the event. 
```

> ### Useful Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Useful Resources
```
